Update IS-04 versions requirement (#11)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/1.1. Interoperability.md

* IS-04 Discovery & Registration
* IS-05 Connection Management

> IS-05 depends on IS-04, and due to IS-05 specification IS-04 APIs SHOULD be operating at version 1.2 or greater.

Author: ```suggestion
This API is used alongside IS-04 and IS-05. IS-05 dictates that IS-04 APIs SHOULD be operating at version 1.2 or greater in order to ensure full interoperability.
```
